Step 1 of 3
Create a short video (that’s no more than 3 minutes in length) in which you present your project to the world, as with slides, screenshots, voiceover, and/or live action. Your video should somehow include your project’s title, your name, your city and country, and any other details that you’d like to convey to viewers. See howtogeek.com/205742/how-to-record-your-windows-mac-linux-android-or-ios-screen for tips on how to make a “screencast,” though you’re welcome to use an actual camera. Upload your video to YouTube (or, if blocked in your country, a similar site) and take note of its URL; it’s fine to flag it as “unlisted,” but don’t flag it as “private.”


Step 2 of 3
Create a README.md text file (named exactly that!) in your ~/project folder that explains your project. This file should include your Project title, the URL of your video (created in step 1 above) and a description of your project. You may use the below as a template.

    # YOUR PROJECT TITLE
    #### Video Demo:  <URL HERE>
    #### Description:
    TODO
If unfamiliar with Markdown syntax, you might find GitHub’s Basic Writing and Formatting Syntax helpful. If you are using the CS50 Codespace and are prompted to “Open in CS50 Lab”, you can simply press cancel to open in the Editor. You can also preview your .md file by clicking the ‘preview’ icon as explained here: Markdown Preview in vscode. Standard software project READMEs can often run into the thousands or tens of thousands of words in length; yours need not be that long, but should at least be several hundred words that describe things in detail!

Your README.md file should be minimally multiple paragraphs in length, and should explain what your project is, what each of the files you wrote for the project contains and does, and if you debated certain design choices, explaining why you made them. Ensure you allocate sufficient time and energy to writing a README.md that documents your project thoroughly. Be proud of it! If it is too short, the system will reject it.

Execute the submit50 command below from within your ~/project directory (or from whichever directory contains README.md file and your project’s code, which must also be submitted). If your project does not meet all the requirements above, it may be rejected, so be sure you have satisfied all of the bullet points atop this specification and written a thorough README:

submit50 cs50/problems/2022/python/project


Step 3 of 3
That’s it! Your project should be graded within a few minutes. Be sure to visit your gradebook at cs50.me/cs50p a few minutes after you submit. It’s only by loading your Gradebook that the system can check to see whether you have completed the course, and that is also what triggers the (instant) generation of your free CS50 Certificate and the (within 30 days) generation of the Verified Certificate from edX, if you’ve completed all of the other assignments.

This was CS50P!